written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/Athens-WhereToGo.txt:The Temple of Olympian Zeus is dedicated to Zeus, “king” of the Greek gods. It was imperative that his temple should be fitting for his position, and its dimensions — 250 m (814 ft) long and 130 m (426 ft) wide, with columns of over 17 m (61 ft) in height — are truly majestic. The temple took 700 years to complete and it was Hadrian who finished the task in the second century a.d. One hundred and eight columns originally surrounded an inner sanctum that protected a gold-and-ivory statue of Zeus. Today only 15 are still standing, but their Corinthian capitals have a wonderful form and elegance. In ancient times, the temple sat close to the banks of the River Ilissos creating an even more beautiful vista. Today the river still flows, but its path lies beneath the city.
written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/Bahamas-WhereToGo.txt:At the eastern end of Paradise Island stands a much older structure that offers the opportunity for restful contemplation. The Cloisters are the remains of a 14th-century monastery that was bought in France by Huntingdon Hartford, taken apart, and rebuilt in the grounds of his home, now the Ocean Club hotel. Hartford set the small courtyard on a rise several hundred yards away from the house and created an elaborate garden to lead to the edifice. The Versailles Gardens, based on Louis XIV’s formal palace gardens outside Paris, have terraces, fountains, and statues that provide a soothing vista, leading the eye from the house to the cloisters. It is possible to visit the Cloisters during daylight hours — they stand next to the only road that traverses the island — but they are used regularly for wedding ceremonies, so you might find them closed.
written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/CanaryIslands-WhereToGo.txt:Farther along the coast road, 8 km (5 miles) past Buenavista del Norte, lies the most westerly point on Tenerife, the Punta de Teno. From here there are panoramic views across to La Gomera and looking south to the massive cliffs of Los Gigantes. Turn back to Buenavista and take a marked turn inland to Masca. Be warned, though, this is absolutely not a drive to be undertaken by inexperienced or nervous drivers. Initially the road, although ascending through the arable mountainside, is no problem; but this soon changes once the entrance to the vertiginous valley is reached. One glance at the narrow, steeply twisting road on either side will be enough to realize why, up to only a few years ago, the picturesque tiny village of Masca could only be reached on the back of a donkey. All around is some of the most dramatic scenery on the island. However, if you are driving, you won’t have any time to savor it. The road clings precariously to the side of lush, green mountains cleft by deep, dark ravines and often zig-zags on itself in the tightest of hairpin bends. And it is far from unknown to have to reverse back down and around these bends, allowing other vehicles to pass. A stop at Masca is not just a pleasure, but also a relief. Relax at one of the restaurants down from the road, and enjoy the stupendous scenery before continuing south on an equally difficult drive, to rejoin the main road at Santiago del Teide.
written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/CanaryIslands-WhereToGo.txt:This is really of little interest, and the roads often leave something to be desired. However, a trip up the eastern coast from Santa Cruz to just south of Barlovento isn’t too long, and the rather serpentine road runs through some pretty scenery. Make the first stop the miradores of Bartolomé and La Montaña, with the latter being a little higher and affording beautiful vistas along the coast in both directions. Head next for the seaside village of San Andrés and its natural swimming pools at Charco Azul (blue pool). A little inland from San Andrés and Sauces is the Bosque de Los Tilos, the largest wooded area in the whole Canary Islands and designated a “Biosphere Reserve” under the protection of UNESCO. Heritage of Mankind is the information center above the restaurant (open Monday–Friday 8am–3pm). The final destination though is a lovely, remote site just before Barlovento where, after a tortuously twisting journey down through banana plantations, you will reach the Piscinas Fajana; literally swimming pools built into the rocks and fed by the ocean waters that often crash into them. Showers and toilets are on hand, as is the pleasant La Gaviota (the Seagull), a restaurant/bar, and the views north of the cliffs falling straight into the ocean and being pounded by waves are breathtaking.
written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/CanaryIslands-WhereToGo.txt:From the west of the island drive north from Agaete and then turn inland following the signs to Tejeda for a really pleasant, and not unduly difficult, mountain ascent. The valleys here are wide and their slopes play host to some small farms; it is one of the few places in the islands where you will come across farm animals. Of interest, too, are the fantastic views across the ocean on a fine day to the snowcapped Mount Teide floating majestically above the clouds and the mountain peaks and lush valleys of Gran Canaria itself. Before reaching Tejeda turn off to the village of Artenara, to the southwest, and what is undoubtedly the best restaurant view on the island. The place in question is Méson de la Silla, not easy to spot, parallel to the main road. A dark tunnel leads through the rock with no hint of what is to come, then emerges on the other side of the mountain to a bright 180-degree mountain panorama. To the left the head of the valley, green and dotted with whitewashed little villages; it leads up to Tejeda itself, but the more dramatic vistas are directly in front and to the right. Here, the scenario is dramatic indeed; jagged peaks fill the horizon and many smaller ones are spread throughout the valley giving the impression of looking down on a minor mountain range.
written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/China-WhereToGo.txt:Outdoor enthusiasts and independent travelers might have time to explore two of Hunan’s most spectacular natural attractions. The Southern Heng Mountain (Hengshannan, also called Nanyue), one of China’s Five Sacred Mountains in the ancient Daoist pantheon, is 112 km (70 miles) south of Changsha. Its temples, monasteries, and misty vistas are well worth a day’s hike. Wulingyuan, a large nature preserve better known to the Chinese as Zhangjiajie, is 350 km (217 miles) west of Changsha. Known as “China’s Yellowstone,” this UNESCO World Heritage Site is a remote park of spectacular and uncanny quartz labyrinths and pinnacles, massive limestone caves, white-water rapids, steep hiking trails, and minority villages. 
written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/China-WhereToGo.txt:The chief monument at Dali is the Temple of the Three Pagodas (Santasi), founded in 825. The tallest of the three towers, all sealed up, rises to 16 tiers. The complex is ringed by hundreds of stalls, many of them selling specimens of the local marble. There are also temples and pagodas in the steep foothills of the Cangshan (Green Mountain) range. Although seldom open, they provide the perfect ornaments for a day’s hike from vista to vista over this long, narrow valley that reaches west to Tibet.
written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/China-WhereToGo.txt:For a full panorama of West Lake and the city, go up to the viewing platforms at a pavilion atop Wu Hill (Wushan), south of the lake. The hilltop is richly forested with gingko, maple, and camphor trees. Another vista spot is located on the summit of the hill on the north side of the lake, where the hauntingly beautiful Baochu Pagoda stands. But the beauty of the lake can best be appreciated at close range: from the deck of a sightseeing boat or from the paths and causeways along its shore. The lake edge is abundantly supplied with flowers, trees, and (unusual in China) secluded places where lovers can find privacy.
written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/Costa-WhereToGo.txt:There are only two major sights. Abd-er-Rahman III’s massive Alcazaba looms large on the hilltop above the city. Although an earthquake caused extensive damage in 1522, the crenellated ocher outer walls and a section of the turreted ramparts stand firm, providing wide-ranging vistas over the city and the sea. And the forbidding, fortified cathedral that stands just inland from the waterfront Paseo de Almería was built during the 16th century, when Barbary pirates were terrorizing the coast (see page 18).
written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/Crete-WhereToGo.txt:The island of Santorini (also called Thirá) is one of the ‘must see’ places in the world. Arriving by sea brings the stunning vista slowly into view allowing the full magnitude of its structure to open out in front of you, for Santorini frames the largest volcanic crater in the world. 
written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/CstaBlanca-WhereToGo.txt:Leave Játiva on the C-340 and drive up into the highlands where thick-fleeced sheep and isolated farmhouses complete a memorable vista. Pass through Albaida, known for its candle-making, and Onteniente, an industrial town, to picturesque Bocairente. Visit the village during late summer for the festival of folk dancing, or for February’s Fiesta of Moors and Christians. The sombre bull-ring was hacked from solid rock for the Corrida.
written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/Nepal-WhatToDo.txt:Porters stop for their first real meal of the day — rice and lentils — between 10 and 11am, and consequently, trekkers can also expect to eat lunch fairly early, usually on the edge of a village or at a scenic vista. After a bit of exploration in the area, there will be a few more hours of hiking before calling it quits for the day around 3pm, once again usually in an interesting village. The porters will then busy themselves with setting up camp, usually in a designated campground, and preparing the evening meal. The sun often goes behind the mountains early, and supper always follows soon after sunset, usually around 6pm. With only kerosene lamps to keep away the dark, exhausted trekkers usually head for bed by 9pm.
written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/Portugal-WhereToGo.txt:Though Sintra, 30 km (18 miles) to the northwest of Lisbon, suffers the effects of its enduring popularity, it is one of the finest towns in Portugal to visit. Nestled into the Serra de Sintra, 25 km (16 miles) northwest of Lisbon, it was once a coveted summer retreat for royals and today is a romantic getaway for people from all over the world. Clustered throughout the forested hillsides are old palaces and estates with spectacular vistas. 
written_2/travel_guides/berlitz2/Vallarta-WhereToGo.txt:A boat ride away from Vallarta, Yelapa offers a Robinson Crusoe–style getaway for day trips or overnight stays. No electricity and no roads keep it a secluded, funky beach community, populated in part by ex-pats and artists. The other south shore beaches are Las Animas and Quimixto, appropriate for day trips only. These two offer palapa beach dining, and as tropical a setting as you can dream up. Las Animas has the better beach for swimming and sunning, but Quimixto has a beautiful waterfall that you can reach by walking about 30 minutes inland along a well-marked trail. The coves surrounding Quimixto are also noted by divers and snorkelers for their excellent underwater vistas. These three beaches may all be reached by excursion boat, or for longer, less structured stays, take the water taxi from either the Rosita (malecón) , or Los Muertos pier.
